packages/sdk/README.md, before:

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.wepin.io/">
      <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
        <img alt="wepin logo" src="https://github.com/WepinWallet/wepin-web-sdk-v1/blob/main/assets/wepin_logo_color.png?raw=true" width="250" height="auto">
      </picture>
</a>
</p>

<br>


# @wepin/sdk-js

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@wepin/sdk-js?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@wepin/sdk-js) [![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@wepin/sdk-js.svg?label=downloads&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@wepin/sdk-js)

The Wepin SDK is designed for use in both Web environments. This package is exclusively available for use in web environments.


## ⏩ Get App ID and Key
After signing up for [Wepin Workspace](https://workspace.wepin.io/), go to the development tools menu and enter the information for each app platform to receive your App ID and App Key.


## ⏩ Installation
To install the WepinSDK, you can use npm or yarn:
```bash
npm install @wepin/sdk-js
```
or
```bash
yarn add @wepin/sdk-js
```

## ⏩ Import SDK
```js
import { WepinSDK } from '@wepin/sdk-js'
```

## ⏩ Initialize
Create a new instance of `WepinSDK` and initialize it with your application's ID and key:
```js
const wepinSdk = new WepinSDK({
    appId: 'your-wepin-app-id',
    appKey: 'your-wepin-api-key',
})
```

### init
```js
await wepinSdk.init(attributes?)
```

#### Parameters
- `attributes` \<object> __optional__
    - `type`: This determines how the widget is displayed when Wepin is initiated. The default value is 'hide', but you can also set it to 'float'.
`'hide'` | `'float'`
    - `defaultLanguage`: This sets the language displayed on the widget. The default value is `'ko'`, but you can also set it to `'en'`.
    - `defaultCurrency`: This sets the currency displayed on the widget. The default value is `'KRW'`.

#### Example
```js
await wepinSdk.init({
    type: 'hide',
    defaultLanguage: 'ko',
    defaultCurrency: 'KRW',
})
```
### isInitialized
```js
wepinSdk.isInitialized()
```
The `isInitialized()` method checks Wepin SDK is initialized.

#### Returns
- \<boolean>
    - true if Wepin SDK is already initialized.

### changeLanguage
```javascript
wepinSdk.changeLanguage({language, currency})
```

Change the language and currency of the widget.

#### Parameters
- `language` \<string> - The language to be displayed on the widget. Currently, only `'ko'` and `'en'` are supported.
- `currency` \<string> - The currency to be displayed on the widget.

#### Returns
- void

#### Example

```javascript
wepinSdk.changeLanguage({
   currency: 'KRW',
   language: 'ko'
})
```

## ⏩ Method
Methods can be used after initialization of Wepin SDK.

### getStatus
```javascript
await wepinSdk.getStatus()
```

Returns lifecycle of wepin.

#### Parameters
- void

#### Returns
- Promise\<WepinLifeCycle>
  - The lifecycle of the wepin is defined as follows.
     - `'not_initialized`': if wepin is not initialized
     - `'initializing'`: if wepin is initializing
     - `'initialized'`: if wepin is initialized
     - `'before_login'`: if wepin is initialized but the user is not logged in
     - `'login'`: if the user is logged in
     - `'login_before_register'`: if the user is email logged in but the user is NOT registered in wepin 

#### Example

```javascript
const status = await wepinSdk.getStatus()
```

### openWidget
```javascript
await wepinSdk.openWidget(locale?)
```

The `openWidget()` method shows Wepin widget. If a user is not logged in, Wepin widget will show login page.

#### Parameters
- void

#### Returns
- Promise \<void>
  - 

#### Example

```javascript
await wepinSdk.openWidget(true)
```

### closeWidget
```javascript
wepinSdk.closeWidget()
```

The `closeWidget()` method closes Wepin widget.

#### Parameters
- void

#### Returns
- void

#### Example

```javascript
wepinSdk.closeWidget()
```

### loginWithUI
```javascript
await wepinSdk.loginWithUI({email}?)
```

The `loginWithUI()` method returns the information of the user who is logged in. If no user is logged in, the Wepin widget will display a login page. To perform a login without the widget, use the `loginWepin()` method from `@wepin/login-js` instead.


#### Parameters

- `email` \<string> __optional__
  - The `email` parameter allows users to log in using the specified email address, providing access to the login service.

#### Returns
- Promise\<IWepinUser>
  - status \<'success'|'fail'>
  - userInfo \<object> __optional__
    - userId \<string>
    - email \<string>
    - provider \<'google'|'apple'|'naver'|'discord'|'email'|'external_token'>
    - use2FA \<boolean>
  - walletId \<string>

#### Example

```javascript
//without email
const userInfo = await wepinSdk.loginWithUI()
//with email
const userInfo = await wepinSdk.loginWithUI({email})
```
- response
```json
{
    "status": "success",
      "userInfo": {
        "userId": "120349034824234234",
        "email": "abc@gmail.com",
        "provider": "google",
        "use2FA": true,
      },
}
```

### register
```javascript
await wepinSdk.register(pin)
```

If the userStatus's loginStatus value is not 'complete' after calling the `loginWepin()` method from `@wepin/login-js`, this method needs to be called. It registers the user in Wepin with a wallet pin.

After the sign-up and login are completed, the registration for Wepin service (wallet and account creation) will proceed.

#### Parameters
- pin \<string> - Wallet PIN

#### Returns
- Promise\<IWepinUser>
  - status \<'success'|'fail'>
  - userInfo \<object> __optional__
    - userId \<string>
    - email \<string>
    - provider \<'google'|'apple'|'naver'|'discord'|'email'|'external_token'>
    - use2FA \<boolean>
  - walletId \<string>

#### Exception

#### Example

```javascript
const userInfo = await wepinSdk.register('123456')
```
  
### logout
```js
await wepinSdk.logout()
```
The `logout()` method performs a wepin logout.
#### Parameters
- void

#### Returns
- Promise \<void>

### getAccounts

```js
await wepinSdk.getAccounts()
await wepinSdk.getAccounts(options?)
```
The `getAccounts()` method returns user accounts. It is recommended to use `getAccounts()` method without argument to get all user accounts. It can be only usable after widget login.
##### Parameters
- options:
  - networks: \<Array> __optional__ A list of network names to filter the accounts.
    - network \<string> __optional__
  - withEoa: \<boolean> __optional__ If AA accounts are included, whether to include EOA accounts

#### Returns
- Promise \<Account[]> - A promise that resolves to an array of the user's accounts.
  - address \<string>
  - network \<string>
  - contract \<string> __optional__ token contract address. 
  - isAA \<boolean> __optional__ Whether it is aa account or not

#### Example
```js
const result = await wepinSdk.getAccounts({
  networks: ['Ethereum'], 
  withEoa: true
})
```
- response
```json
[
  {
    "address": "0x0000001111112222223333334444445555556666",
    "network": "Ethereum",
  },
  {
    "address": "0x0000001111112222223333334444445555556666",
    "network": "Ethereum",
    "contract": "0x777777888888999999000000111111222222333333",
  },
  {
    "address": "0x4444445555556666000000111111222222333333",
    "network": "Ethereum",
    "isAA": true,
  },
]
```



### getBalance
```js
await wepinSdk.getBalance(accounts)
await wepinSdk.getBalance()
```

It returns the account's balance information. It can be only usable after widget login. It use `getBalance()` method without argument to get all user accounts.

#### Parameters
- accounts \<Account[]> __optional__
  - network \<string>
  - address \<string>
  - isAA \<boolean> __optional__ Whether it is aa account or not
  
#### Returns
- Promise \<AccountBalanceInfo[]>
  - symbol \<string> - symbol of account
  - balance \<string> - balance of account
  - tokens \<Array\<TokenBalanceInfo>> - token balance information for account
    - symbol \<string> - token symbol
    - balance \<string> - token balance
    - contract \<string> - token contract address

#### Example
```js
const result = await wepinSdk.getBalance([{
  address: '0x0000001111112222223333334444445555556666',
  network: 'Ethereum',
}])
```
- response
```json
[
    {
        "symbol": "ETH",
            "balance": "1.1",
        "tokens":[
            {
                "contract": "0x123...213",
                "symbol": "TEST",
                "balance": "10"
            },
        ]
    }
]
```

### send
```js
await wepinSdk.send({account, txData?})
```

It returns the sent transaction id information. It can be only usable after widget login.

#### Parameters
- account \<Account>
  - network \<string>
  - address \<string>
- txData \<object> __optional__
  - to \<string>
  - amount \<string>

#### Returns
- Promise \<object>
  - txId \<string> 

#### Example
```js
const result = await wepinSdk.send({
    account: {
        address: '0x0000001111112222223333334444445555556666',
        network: 'Ethereum',
    },
    txData: {
        to: '0x9999991111112222223333334444445555556666',
        amount: '0.1',
    }
})
```
- response
```json
{
    "txId": "0x76bafd4b700ed959999d08ab76f95d7b6ab2249c0446921c62a6336a70b84f32"
}
```

### finalize
```js
wepinSdk.finalize()
```

The `finalize()` method finalizes the Wepin SDK.

#### Parameters
 - void
 - 
#### Returns
 - void

#### Example
```js
wepinSdk.finalize()
```

Commit message:

@wepin/login-js - v0.0.3 @wepin/provider-js - v0.0.3 @wepin/sdk-js - v0.0.3

packages/sdk/README.md, after:

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.wepin.io/">
      <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
        <img alt="wepin logo" src="https://github.com/WepinWallet/wepin-web-sdk-v1/blob/main/assets/wepin_logo_color.png?raw=true" width="250" height="auto">
      </picture>
</a>
</p>

<br>


# @wepin/sdk-js

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@wepin/sdk-js?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@wepin/sdk-js) [![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@wepin/sdk-js.svg?label=downloads&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@wepin/sdk-js)

The Wepin SDK is designed for use in both Web environments. This package is exclusively available for use in web environments.


## ⏩ Get App ID and Key
After signing up for [Wepin Workspace](https://workspace.wepin.io/), go to the development tools menu and enter the information for each app platform to receive your App ID and App Key.


## ⏩ Installation
To install the WepinSDK, you can use npm or yarn:
```bash
npm install @wepin/sdk-js
```
or
```bash
yarn add @wepin/sdk-js
```

## ⏩ Import SDK
```js
import { WepinSDK } from '@wepin/sdk-js'
```

## ⏩ Initialize
Create a new instance of `WepinSDK` and initialize it with your application's ID and key:
```js
const wepinSdk = new WepinSDK({
    appId: 'your-wepin-app-id',
    appKey: 'your-wepin-api-key',
})
```

### init
```js
await wepinSdk.init(attributes?)
```

#### Parameters
- `attributes` \<IWepinSDKAttributes> __optional__
    - `type`: __optional__ This determines how the widget is displayed when Wepin is initiated. The default value is `'hide'`, but you can also set it to `'float'`.
    - `defaultLanguage`: __optional__ This sets the language displayed on the widget. The default value is `'ko'`, but you can also set it to `'en'`.
    - `defaultCurrency`: __optional__ This sets the currency displayed on the widget. The default value is `'KRW'`.
    - `loginProviders`:  __optional__ An array of login providers to configure the widget. 
      - If not provided, all available login providers will be displayed on the widget. 
      - If an empty array is provided, only the email login function is available. (from version `v0.0.3`)

#### Example
```js
await wepinSdk.init({
    type: 'hide',
    defaultLanguage: 'ko',
    defaultCurrency: 'KRW',
})

// google, apple login
await wepinSdk.init({
    type: 'hide',
    defaultLanguage: 'ko',
    defaultCurrency: 'KRW',
    loginProviders: ['google', 'apple']
})

// only email login
await wepinSdk.init({
    type: 'hide',
    defaultLanguage: 'ko',
    defaultCurrency: 'KRW',
    loginProviders: []
})
```
### isInitialized
```js
wepinSdk.isInitialized()
```
The `isInitialized()` method checks Wepin SDK is initialized.

#### Returns
- \<boolean>
    - true if Wepin SDK is already initialized.

### changeLanguage
```javascript
wepinSdk.changeLanguage({language, currency})
```

Change the language and currency of the widget.

#### Parameters
- `language` \<string> - The language to be displayed on the widget. Currently, only `'ko'` and `'en'` are supported.
- `currency` \<string> - The currency to be displayed on the widget.

#### Returns
- void

#### Example

```javascript
wepinSdk.changeLanguage({
   currency: 'KRW',
   language: 'ko'
})
```

## ⏩ Method
Methods can be used after initialization of Wepin SDK.

### getStatus
```javascript
await wepinSdk.getStatus()
```

Returns lifecycle of wepin.

#### Parameters
- void

#### Returns
- Promise\<WepinLifeCycle>
  - The lifecycle of the wepin is defined as follows.
     - `'not_initialized`': if wepin is not initialized
     - `'initializing'`: if wepin is initializing
     - `'initialized'`: if wepin is initialized
     - `'before_login'`: if wepin is initialized but the user is not logged in
     - `'login'`: if the user is logged in
     - `'login_before_register'`: if the user is email logged in but the user is NOT registered in wepin 

#### Example

```javascript
const status = await wepinSdk.getStatus()
```

### openWidget
```javascript
await wepinSdk.openWidget(locale?)
```

The `openWidget()` method shows Wepin widget. If a user is not logged in, Wepin widget will show login page.

#### Parameters
- void

#### Returns
- Promise \<void>
  - 

#### Example

```javascript
await wepinSdk.openWidget(true)
```

### closeWidget
```javascript
wepinSdk.closeWidget()
```

The `closeWidget()` method closes Wepin widget.

#### Parameters
- void

#### Returns
- void

#### Example

```javascript
wepinSdk.closeWidget()
```

### loginWithUI
```javascript
await wepinSdk.loginWithUI({email}?)
```

The `loginWithUI()` method returns the information of the user who is logged in. If no user is logged in, the Wepin widget will display a login page. To perform a login without the widget, use the `loginWepin()` method from `@wepin/login-js` instead.


#### Parameters

- `email` \<string> __optional__
  - The `email` parameter allows users to log in using the specified email address, providing access to the login service.

#### Returns
- Promise\<IWepinUser>
  - status \<'success'|'fail'>
  - userInfo \<object> __optional__
    - userId \<string>
    - email \<string>
    - provider \<'google'|'apple'|'naver'|'discord'|'email'|'external_token'>
    - use2FA \<boolean>
  - walletId \<string>

#### Example

```javascript
//without email
const userInfo = await wepinSdk.loginWithUI()
//with email
const userInfo = await wepinSdk.loginWithUI({email})
```
- response
```json
{
    "status": "success",
      "userInfo": {
        "userId": "120349034824234234",
        "email": "abc@gmail.com",
        "provider": "google",
        "use2FA": true,
      },
}
```

### register
```javascript
await wepinSdk.register(pin)
```

If the userStatus's loginStatus value is not 'complete' after calling the `loginWepin()` method from `@wepin/login-js`, this method needs to be called. It registers the user in Wepin with a wallet pin.

After the sign-up and login are completed, the registration for Wepin service (wallet and account creation) will proceed.

#### Parameters
- pin \<string> - Wallet PIN

#### Returns
- Promise\<IWepinUser>
  - status \<'success'|'fail'>
  - userInfo \<object> __optional__
    - userId \<string>
    - email \<string>
    - provider \<'google'|'apple'|'naver'|'discord'|'email'|'external_token'>
    - use2FA \<boolean>
  - walletId \<string>

#### Exception

#### Example

```javascript
const userInfo = await wepinSdk.register('123456')
```
  
### logout
```js
await wepinSdk.logout()
```
The `logout()` method performs a wepin logout.
#### Parameters
- void

#### Returns
- Promise \<void>

### getAccounts

```js
await wepinSdk.getAccounts()
await wepinSdk.getAccounts(options?)
```
The `getAccounts()` method returns user accounts. It is recommended to use `getAccounts()` method without argument to get all user accounts. It can be only usable after widget login.
##### Parameters
- options:
  - networks: \<Array> __optional__ A list of network names to filter the accounts.
    - network \<string> __optional__
  - withEoa: \<boolean> __optional__ If AA accounts are included, whether to include EOA accounts

#### Returns
- Promise \<Account[]> - A promise that resolves to an array of the user's accounts.
  - address \<string>
  - network \<string>
  - contract \<string> __optional__ token contract address. 
  - isAA \<boolean> __optional__ Whether it is aa account or not

#### Example
```js
const result = await wepinSdk.getAccounts({
  networks: ['Ethereum'], 
  withEoa: true
})
```
- response
```json
[
  {
    "address": "0x0000001111112222223333334444445555556666",
    "network": "Ethereum",
  },
  {
    "address": "0x0000001111112222223333334444445555556666",
    "network": "Ethereum",
    "contract": "0x777777888888999999000000111111222222333333",
  },
  {
    "address": "0x4444445555556666000000111111222222333333",
    "network": "Ethereum",
    "isAA": true,
  },
]
```



### getBalance
```js
await wepinSdk.getBalance(accounts)
await wepinSdk.getBalance()
```

It returns the account's balance information. It can be only usable after widget login. It use `getBalance()` method without argument to get all user accounts.

#### Parameters
- accounts \<Account[]> __optional__
  - network \<string>
  - address \<string>
  - isAA \<boolean> __optional__ Whether it is aa account or not
  
#### Returns
- Promise \<AccountBalanceInfo[]>
  - symbol \<string> - symbol of account
  - balance \<string> - balance of account
  - tokens \<Array\<TokenBalanceInfo>> - token balance information for account
    - symbol \<string> - token symbol
    - balance \<string> - token balance
    - contract \<string> - token contract address

#### Example
```js
const result = await wepinSdk.getBalance([{
  address: '0x0000001111112222223333334444445555556666',
  network: 'Ethereum',
}])
```
- response
```json
[
    {
        "symbol": "ETH",
            "balance": "1.1",
        "tokens":[
            {
                "contract": "0x123...213",
                "symbol": "TEST",
                "balance": "10"
            },
        ]
    }
]
```

### send
```js
await wepinSdk.send({account, txData?})
```

It returns the sent transaction id information. It can be only usable after widget login.

#### Parameters
- account \<Account>
  - network \<string>
  - address \<string>
- txData \<object> __optional__
  - to \<string>
  - amount \<string>

#### Returns
- Promise \<object>
  - txId \<string> 

#### Example
```js
const result = await wepinSdk.send({
    account: {
        address: '0x0000001111112222223333334444445555556666',
        network: 'Ethereum',
    },
    txData: {
        to: '0x9999991111112222223333334444445555556666',
        amount: '0.1',
    }
})
```
- response
```json
{
    "txId": "0x76bafd4b700ed959999d08ab76f95d7b6ab2249c0446921c62a6336a70b84f32"
}
```

### finalize
```js
wepinSdk.finalize()
```

The `finalize()` method finalizes the Wepin SDK.

#### Parameters
 - void
 - 
#### Returns
 - void

#### Example
```js
wepinSdk.finalize()
```
