packages/provider/README.md, before:

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.wepin.io/">
      <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
        <img alt="wepin logo" src="https://github.com/WepinWallet/wepin-web-sdk-v1/blob/main/assets/wepin_logo_color.png?raw=true" width="250" height="auto">
      </picture>
</a>
</p>

<br>


# @wepin/provider-js

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@wepin/provider-js?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@wepin/provider-js) [![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@wepin/provider-js.svg?label=downloads&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@wepin/provider-js)

Wepin Provider V1 for Web. This package is exclusively available for use in web environments.

> ⚠️ **Notice:**
>
>This package is **only available for web environments** and cannot be used in Android or iOS hybrid apps (Webview).
>
>If you are using this package in a Server Side Rendering (SSR) environment, make sure to load the package only on the Client Side Rendering (CSR) side.
>
>Please refer to the following code for implementation:
> ```js
> const initWepinProvider = async () => {
>    const { WepinProvider } = await import('@wepin/provider-js');
>    const wepinProvider = new WepinProvider({
>        appKey: '',
>        appId: '',
>    });
>    await wepinProvider.init();
>}
> ```

## ⏩ Document
[![typedoc](https://img.shields.io/badge/typedoc-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://wepinwallet.github.io/wepin-web-sdk-v1/modules/_wepin_provider_js.html)

## ⏩ Get App ID and Key
After signing up for [Wepin Workspace](https://workspace.wepin.io/), go to the development tools menu and enter the information for each app platform to receive your App ID and App Key.

Wepin supports providers that return JSON-RPC request responses to connect with blockchain networks in webs. With Wepin Provider, you can easily connect to various networks supported by Wepin.

The providers supported by Wepin are as follows.

- EVM compatible Networks
- Klaytn Network 


## EVM compatible Networks
Ethers.js or Web3.js can be used with Wepin Provider to interoperate with EVM compatible blockchains.
### Support Networks

Please refer to the following link for detailed information on the supported network list:
[wepin provider - supported network list](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/WepinWallet/wepin-web-sdk-v1/blob/main/packages/provider/assets/supportedNetworkTable.html)


## ⏩ Install

```
npm install @wepin/provider-js
```
or
```
yarn add @wepin/provider-js
```

## ⏩ Import SDK
```js
import { WepinProvider } from '@wepin/provider-js'
```

## ⏩ Initialize
```js
const wepinProvider = new WepinProvider({
    appId: 'wepinAppId',
    appKey: 'wepinAppKey',
})
```

### init
```js
await wepinProvider.init(attributes?)
```
#### Parameters
- `attributes` \<object> __optional__
    - `defaultLanguage`: The language to be displayed on the widget (default: `'ko'`)
    Currently, only `'ko'`, `'en'` and `'ja'` are supported.
    - `defaultCurrency`: The currency to be displayed on the widget (default: `'KRW'`)
    Currently, only `'KRW'`, `'USD'` and `'JPY'` are supported.
#### Example
```js
await wepinProvider.init({
    defaultLanguage: 'ko',
    defaultCurrency: 'KRW',
})
```
### isInitialized
```js
wepinProvider.isInitialized()
```
The `isInitialized()` method checks Wepin Provider is initialized.

#### Returns
- \<boolean>
    - true if Wepin Provider is already initialized.

### changeLanguage
```javascript
wepinProvider.changeLanguage(attributes)
```

Change the language and currency of the widget.

#### Parameters
- `attributes` \<object>
  - `language` \<string> - The language to be displayed on the widget. Currently, only `'ko'`, `'en'` and `'ja'` are supported.
  - `currency` \<string> - The currency to be displayed on the widget. Currently, only `'KRW'` , `'USD'` and `'JPY'` are supported.

#### Returns
- void

#### Example

```javascript
wepinProvider.changeLanguage({
   currency: 'KRW',
   language: 'ko'
})
```

## ⏩ Method
Methods can be used after initialization of Wepin Provider.

### getProvider
```javascript
await wepinProvider.getProvider(network)
```

It returns a Provider by given network

#### Parameters

- `network` \<string>
  - Available chains Wepin helps provide. It should be lowercase.

#### Returns
- Promise\<BaseProvider> - A EIP-1193 provider

#### Example

```javascript
const provider = await wepinProvider.getProvider('ethereum')
```

### finalize
```js
await wepinProvider.finalize()
```

The `finalize()` method finalizes the Wepin Provider.

#### Parameters
 - Promise\<void>

#### Returns
 - void

#### Example
```js
await wepinProvider.finalize()
```

Commit message:

Deploying provider - 0.0.13 to public repo

packages/provider/README.md, after:

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.wepin.io/">
      <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
        <img alt="wepin logo" src="https://github.com/WepinWallet/wepin-web-sdk-v1/blob/main/assets/wepin_logo_color.png?raw=true" width="250" height="auto">
      </picture>
</a>
</p>

<br>


# @wepin/provider-js

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@wepin/provider-js?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@wepin/provider-js) [![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@wepin/provider-js.svg?label=downloads&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@wepin/provider-js)

Wepin Provider V1 for Web. This package is exclusively available for use in web environments.

> ⚠️ **Notice:**
>
>This package is **only available for web environments** and cannot be used in Android or iOS hybrid apps (Webview).
>
>If you are using this package in a Server Side Rendering (SSR) environment, make sure to load the package only on the Client Side Rendering (CSR) side.
>
>Please refer to the following code for implementation:
> ```js
> const initWepinProvider = async () => {
>    const { WepinProvider } = await import('@wepin/provider-js');
>    const wepinProvider = new WepinProvider({
>        appKey: '',
>        appId: '',
>    });
>    await wepinProvider.init();
>}
> ```

## ⏩ Document
[![typedoc](https://img.shields.io/badge/typedoc-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://wepinwallet.github.io/wepin-web-sdk-v1/modules/_wepin_provider_js.html)

## ⏩ Get App ID and Key
After signing up for [Wepin Workspace](https://workspace.wepin.io/), go to the development tools menu and enter the information for each app platform to receive your App ID and App Key.

Wepin supports providers that return JSON-RPC request responses to connect with blockchain networks in webs. With Wepin Provider, you can easily connect to various networks supported by Wepin.

The providers supported by Wepin are as follows.

- EVM compatible Networks
- Klaytn Network 


## EVM compatible Networks
Ethers.js or Web3.js can be used with Wepin Provider to interoperate with EVM compatible blockchains.
### Support Networks

Please refer to the following link for detailed information on the supported network list:
[wepin provider - supported network list](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/WepinWallet/wepin-web-sdk-v1/blob/main/packages/provider/assets/supportedNetworkTable.html)


## ⏩ Install
To install the Wepin Provider, you can use npm, yarn, or a CDN:
Using npm:
```
npm install @wepin/provider-js
```
Using yarn:
```
yarn add @wepin/provider-js
```
Using CDN:
You can also include the library directly via CDN by adding the following script tag to your HTML file:
```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@wepin/provider-js/dist/umd/wepin-provider.umd.js"></script>
```


## ⏩ Import SDK
Using npm or yarn:
```js
import { WepinProvider } from '@wepin/provider-js'
```
Using CDN:
```js
const { WepinProvider } = window.WepinProvider
```


## ⏩ Initialize
```js
const wepinProvider = new WepinProvider({
    appId: 'wepinAppId',
    appKey: 'wepinAppKey',
})
```

### init
```js
await wepinProvider.init(attributes?)
```
#### Parameters
- `attributes` \<object> __optional__
    - `defaultLanguage`: The language to be displayed on the widget (default: `'ko'`)
    Currently, only `'ko'`, `'en'` and `'ja'` are supported.
    - `defaultCurrency`: The currency to be displayed on the widget (default: `'KRW'`)
    Currently, only `'KRW'`, `'USD'` and `'JPY'` are supported.
#### Example
```js
await wepinProvider.init({
    defaultLanguage: 'ko',
    defaultCurrency: 'KRW',
})
```
### isInitialized
```js
wepinProvider.isInitialized()
```
The `isInitialized()` method checks Wepin Provider is initialized.

#### Returns
- \<boolean>
    - true if Wepin Provider is already initialized.

### changeLanguage
```javascript
wepinProvider.changeLanguage(attributes)
```

Change the language and currency of the widget.

#### Parameters
- `attributes` \<object>
  - `language` \<string> - The language to be displayed on the widget. Currently, only `'ko'`, `'en'` and `'ja'` are supported.
  - `currency` \<string> - The currency to be displayed on the widget. Currently, only `'KRW'` , `'USD'` and `'JPY'` are supported.

#### Returns
- void

#### Example

```javascript
wepinProvider.changeLanguage({
   currency: 'KRW',
   language: 'ko'
})
```

## ⏩ Method
Methods can be used after initialization of Wepin Provider.

### getProvider
```javascript
await wepinProvider.getProvider(network)
```

It returns a Provider by given network

#### Parameters

- `network` \<string>
  - Available chains Wepin helps provide. It should be lowercase.

#### Returns
- Promise\<BaseProvider> - A EIP-1193 provider

#### Example

```javascript
const provider = await wepinProvider.getProvider('ethereum')
```

### finalize
```js
await wepinProvider.finalize()
```

The `finalize()` method finalizes the Wepin Provider.

#### Parameters
 - Promise\<void>

#### Returns
 - void

#### Example
```js
await wepinProvider.finalize()
```
